hugo-content/workshop/content/20-cdk/40-creating-ci-cd-pipeline.en.md, before:

<!--
+++
title = "Creating AWS CI/CD Pipeline"
menutitle = "Creating Cloud CI/CD Pipeline"
date = 2019-10-14T11:11:14-04:00
weight = 40
pre = "<b>3. </b>"
+++
-->
Before we dive into the code base of the Unicorn Store solution and start hacking it, let's spend a few moments and create the CI/CD pipeline infrastructure in AWS, as creating it takes a few minutes to complete, and while that is in progress, we'll spend some time looking into the structure of the project and getting familiar with CDK concepts.

|      | Notes |
| ---- | ----- |
| ![VS Build Configurations](images/solution-build-configurations.png?width=300) | Again, please select either Postgres or SQL Server configuration from Solution's Build Configuration drop-down in Visual Studio...  |
| ![CI/CD project as startup](./images/CicdInfraAsCode-csproj-as-startup.png?width=300) | ...and mark "CicdInfraAsCode" project as a startup project.<br/><br/> Then right-click the project and select "`Manage User Secrets`". That will open "secrets.json" file in the IDE editor. Replace the content of the file with: |
```json
{
  "GitBranchToBuild": "cdk-module"
}
```
... and save the file. If you have checked out some other branch, like `cdk-module-completed`, then please change the property value above to the name of checked out branch. "`GitBranchToBuild`" property defines which git branch will be checked out from the CodeCommit when CodePipeline builds the app image and hosting infrastructure.

Please `build & run` the project. If all went well you should see a console window with output starting with something like *Synthesized to "C:\Users\username\AppData\Local\Temp\cdk.outjLaGkJ".* That path is the location of generated CloudFormation templates. If you are familiar with CloudFormation, please feel free to explore the output of this step.

### Launching CI/CD Pipeline Infrastructure Creation

Please open a Command Prompt window and cd into the directory containing "CicdInfraAsCode.csproj" project file, which relative to the solution root is in "infra-as-code/CicdInfraAsCode/src".

> If you never ran `cdK` CLI before in the currently-configured AWS Region, and you are not using an AWS event supplied VM, you may need to run `cdk bootstrap` command that runs a CloudFormation template that configures some resources required for the CDK to function. This is a one-time action per AWS region.

Next, run the following command to start creation of the CI/CD pipeline infrastructure:
```bash
cdk deploy --require-approval never
```
That will effectively apply CloudFormation template "synthesized" when project was built and run. This CloudFormation template starts a process of creating a CI/CD pipeline infra for the application, provisioning AWS CodePipeline service, which in turn orchestrates few other AWS services, like CodeCommit and CodeBuild. This CI/CD infrastructure build-out job should take a few minutes, which will be well spent in the next section, which deals with the structure of the project.

If you are comfortable using AWS online Console, feel free to go to the CloudFormation service section of the Console to monitor the progress of the the CI/CD pipeline infra rollout.

Commit message:

Updated lab guide for the initial state of the pipeline.

hugo-content/workshop/content/20-cdk/40-creating-ci-cd-pipeline.en.md, after:

<!--
+++
title = "Creating AWS CI/CD Pipeline"
menutitle = "Creating Cloud CI/CD Pipeline"
date = 2019-10-14T11:11:14-04:00
weight = 40
pre = "<b>3. </b>"
+++
-->
Before we dive into the code base of the Unicorn Store solution and start hacking it, let's spend a few moments and create the CI/CD pipeline infrastructure in AWS, as creating it takes a few minutes to complete, and while that is in progress, we'll spend some time looking into the structure of the project and getting familiar with CDK concepts.

|      | Notes |
| ---- | ----- |
| ![VS Build Configurations](images/solution-build-configurations.png?width=300) | Again, please select either Postgres or SQL Server configuration from Solution's Build Configuration drop-down in Visual Studio...  |
| ![CI/CD project as startup](./images/CicdInfraAsCode-csproj-as-startup.png?width=300) | ...and mark "CicdInfraAsCode" project as a startup project.<br/><br/> Then right-click the project and select "`Manage User Secrets`". That will open "secrets.json" file in the IDE editor. Replace the content of the file with: |
```json
{
  "GitBranchToBuild": "cdk-module"
}
```
... and save the file. If you have checked out some other branch, like `cdk-module-completed`, then please change the property value above to the name of checked out branch. "`GitBranchToBuild`" property defines which git branch will be checked out from the CodeCommit when CodePipeline builds the app image and hosting infrastructure.

Please `build & run` the project. If all went well you should see a console window with output starting with something like *Synthesized to "C:\Users\username\AppData\Local\Temp\cdk.outjLaGkJ".* That path is the location of generated CloudFormation templates. If you are familiar with CloudFormation, please feel free to explore the output of this step.

### Launching CI/CD Pipeline Infrastructure Creation

Please open a Command Prompt window and cd into the directory containing "CicdInfraAsCode.csproj" project file, which relative to the solution root is in "infra-as-code/CicdInfraAsCode/src".

> If you never ran `cdK` CLI before in the currently-configured AWS Region, and you are not using an AWS event supplied VM, you may need to run `cdk bootstrap` command that runs a CloudFormation template that configures some resources required for the CDK to function. This is a one-time action per AWS region.

Next, run the following command to start creation of the CI/CD pipeline infrastructure:
```bash
cdk deploy --require-approval never
```
That will effectively apply CloudFormation template "synthesized" when project was built and run. This CloudFormation template starts a process of creating a CI/CD pipeline infra for the application, provisioning AWS CodePipeline service, which in turn orchestrates few other AWS services, like CodeCommit and CodeBuild. This CI/CD infrastructure build-out job should take a few minutes, which will be well spent in the next section, which deals with the structure of the project.

If you are comfortable using AWS online Console, feel free to go to the CloudFormation service section of the Console to monitor the progress of the the CI/CD pipeline infra rollout. (After completion, the CodePipeline is going to be in the *failed* state - that's expected, because no source code has been supplied for the pipeline to build.)
